Emotion 'styled-components' mentions cleanup (#3927)
BBC-archive/psammead: packages/components/psammead-brand/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Version | Description |
| ------- | ----------- |

> | 7.0.2 | [PR#?](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/pull/?) Remove unnecessary comment and linting |

Author: ```suggestion
| 7.0.2 | [PR#3927](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/pull/3927) Remove unnecessary comment and linting |
```

> | 7.0.3 | [PR#3927](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/pull/3927) Remove unnecessary comment and linting |

Author: ```suggestion
| 7.0.3 | [PR#3927](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/pull/3927) Remove styled-component 'referencing other components' comment and reenabled stylelint for the style block that references another component  |
```
